README.md, before:

# Nabaztag Server

This is my attempt at doing something with the sources of the [Nabaztag](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nabaztag) connected rabbit.

The sources were released by Mindscape on 2011-07-27 and are available here: http://code.google.com/p/nabaztag-source-code/

## Current state

The sources are nearly identical to the original. The only major change is that I tried to switch every project from Ant to Maven, as the Ant scripts weren't really usable and because I didn't want to upload all the dependencies (JAR files) to GitHub. I also removed the project `CommonDev` which contained only one class nearly identical to another in `common` (I merged the two).

Having to switch a project to Maven is also a good way to understand it.

The project compiles, but the unit tests fail.

I managed to start the 3 web applications (my-nabaztag, vadmin, platform) however they don't do much for now as the database, XMPP server, and some config files are missing.

## Future

The biggest showstopper now is that the source doesn't contain the database schema. I've asked Mindscape for it, however I suspect I'll have to do without it...

My initial goal is to run a server for my Nabaztag and some friends, and have some fun hacking the project.

## Maven setup

The only problematic point is the `platform` project: It's used as a dependency from `vadmin` and `my-nabaztag`, but because it's a WAR it makes things difficult. In a standard setup this WAR would be split in two project, a JAR with the common classes, and a WAR with the web app. That's what I intend to do once I'll familiar with the sources.

For now there's a hack on the `pom.xml` to generate a JAR for the project next to the JAR. Unfortunately it's not very elegant and doesn't seem to work well when running the project under Eclipse (WTP) + Tomcat.

### Dependencies

Some dependencies aren't available on Maven public repositories, and some other were old versions that aren't available anymore. You'll need to install them locally (They're available in the `extra-libs` folder).

I'll try to replace them with more recent versions when the code base will be stable enough.

```bash
# Spread 4.0.0
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=spread-4.0.0.jar -DgroupId=spread -DartifactId=spread -Dversion=4.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# Hadoop 0.18.0
# Old version not available with Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=hadoop-0.18.0-core.jar -DgroupId=org.apache.hadoop -DartifactId=hadoop-core -Dversion=0.18.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# SnakeYAML
# Old version not available with Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=SnakeYAML-1.0.1.jar -DgroupId=org.yaml -DartifactId=snakeyaml -Dversion=1.0.1 -Dpackaging=jar

# CSV Tools
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=csvtools.jar -DgroupId=csvtools -DartifactId=csvtools -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# Apache Nutch
# Old version not available with Maven, language-identifier version not identified
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=nutch-2008-04-30_04-01-32.jar -DgroupId=org.apache.nutch -DartifactId=nutch -Dversion=2008-04-30_04-01-32 -Dpackaging=jar
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=language-identifier.jar -DgroupId=org.apache.nutch -DartifactId=language-identifier -Dversion=2008-04-30_04-01-32 -Dpackaging=jar

# Jive Software Smack
# Couldn't find which version is used. v3.0.1 is NOT compatible.
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=smack.jar -DgroupId=jivesoftware -DartifactId=smack -Dversion=3.0-violet -Dpackaging=jar
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=smackx.jar -DgroupId=jivesoftware -DartifactId=smackx -Dversion=3.0-violet -Dpackaging=jar

# Rome by Violet
# rome customised by Violet, but the source isn't provided :(
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=romeByViolet.jar -DgroupId=net.violet -DartifactId=rome -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# O'Reilly Servlets
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=cos.jar -DgroupId=com.oreilly -DartifactId=servlets -Dversion=2002 -Dpackaging=jar

# GNU GetOpt Java
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=java-getopt-1.0.13.jar -DgroupId=com.urbanophile -DartifactId=java-getopt -Dversion=1.0.13 -Dpackaging=jar

# JSON Simple w/ Serializer
# Couldn't find the source. Most of the packages are coming from the json-simple project,
# except the serializer for which I couldn't find any reference. Maybe a custom development ?
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=json-simple.jar -DgroupId=org.json -DartifactId=simple -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# Erlang OTP
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=OtpErlang.jar -DgroupId=com.ericsson.otp -DartifactId=erlang -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar
```

Commit message:

Improved DB generator.
Improved DB retro-generator by retrieving the table name from the SPECIFICATION
field from the class, instead of converting the class name in a SQL table name
as some tables names are slightly different from the class name.

Dealt with some fields not following the naming convention (lower case,
underscore and numbers). Some names were in camel case in the DB.

Re-ordered the field in some classes so that it matches the order in the DB,
taken from the DB documentation.

Added comment on datamodel classes whenever relevant (comment taken from the
DB documentation, as is. Accuracy not guaranteed !)

README.md, after:

# Nabaztag Server

This is my attempt at doing something with the sources of the [Nabaztag](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nabaztag) connected rabbit.

The sources were released by Mindscape on 2011-07-27 and are available here: http://code.google.com/p/nabaztag-source-code/

## Current state

The sources are nearly identical to the original. The only major change is that I tried to switch every project from Ant to Maven, as the Ant scripts weren't really usable and because I didn't want to upload all the dependencies (JAR files) to GitHub. I also removed the project `CommonDev` which contained only one class nearly identical to another in `common` (I merged the two).

Having to switch a project to Maven is also a good way to understand it.

The project compiles, but the unit tests fail.

I managed to start the 3 web applications (my-nabaztag, vadmin, platform) however they don't do much for now as the database, XMPP server, and some config files are missing.

## Future

The biggest showstopper now is that the source doesn't contain the database schema. I've asked Mindscape for it, however I suspect I'll have to do without it...

I wrote a tool that retro-generates the DB schema from the Java datamodel classes and it seem to do the job, however some manual tweaking is still needed.

My initial goal is to run a server for my Nabaztag and some friends, and have some fun hacking the project.

## Maven setup

The only problematic point is the `platform` project: It's used as a dependency from `vadmin` and `my-nabaztag`, but because it's a WAR it makes things difficult. In a standard setup this WAR would be split in two project, a JAR with the common classes, and a WAR with the web app. That's what I intend to do once I'll familiar with the sources.

For now there's a hack on the `pom.xml` to generate a JAR for the project next to the JAR. Unfortunately it's not very elegant and doesn't seem to work well when running the project under Eclipse (WTP) + Tomcat.

### Dependencies

Some dependencies aren't available on Maven public repositories, and some other were old versions that aren't available anymore. You'll need to install them locally (They're available in the `extra-libs` folder).

I'll try to replace them with more recent versions when the code base will be stable enough.

```bash
# Spread 4.0.0
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=spread-4.0.0.jar -DgroupId=spread -DartifactId=spread -Dversion=4.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# Hadoop 0.18.0
# Old version not available with Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=hadoop-0.18.0-core.jar -DgroupId=org.apache.hadoop -DartifactId=hadoop-core -Dversion=0.18.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# SnakeYAML
# Old version not available with Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=SnakeYAML-1.0.1.jar -DgroupId=org.yaml -DartifactId=snakeyaml -Dversion=1.0.1 -Dpackaging=jar

# CSV Tools
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=csvtools.jar -DgroupId=csvtools -DartifactId=csvtools -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# Apache Nutch
# Old version not available with Maven, language-identifier version not identified
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=nutch-2008-04-30_04-01-32.jar -DgroupId=org.apache.nutch -DartifactId=nutch -Dversion=2008-04-30_04-01-32 -Dpackaging=jar
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=language-identifier.jar -DgroupId=org.apache.nutch -DartifactId=language-identifier -Dversion=2008-04-30_04-01-32 -Dpackaging=jar

# Jive Software Smack
# Couldn't find which version is used. v3.0.1 is NOT compatible.
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=smack.jar -DgroupId=jivesoftware -DartifactId=smack -Dversion=3.0-violet -Dpackaging=jar
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=smackx.jar -DgroupId=jivesoftware -DartifactId=smackx -Dversion=3.0-violet -Dpackaging=jar

# Rome by Violet
# rome customised by Violet, but the source isn't provided :(
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=romeByViolet.jar -DgroupId=net.violet -DartifactId=rome -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# O'Reilly Servlets
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=cos.jar -DgroupId=com.oreilly -DartifactId=servlets -Dversion=2002 -Dpackaging=jar

# GNU GetOpt Java
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=java-getopt-1.0.13.jar -DgroupId=com.urbanophile -DartifactId=java-getopt -Dversion=1.0.13 -Dpackaging=jar

# JSON Simple w/ Serializer
# Couldn't find the source. Most of the packages are coming from the json-simple project,
# except the serializer for which I couldn't find any reference. Maybe a custom development ?
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=json-simple.jar -DgroupId=org.json -DartifactId=simple -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar

# Erlang OTP
# Not distributed using Maven
mvn install:install-file -Dfile=OtpErlang.jar -DgroupId=com.ericsson.otp -DartifactId=erlang -Dversion=1.0.0 -Dpackaging=jar
```
